Someone came to take off Yuan Ping's clothes and put them in the cold palace
After listening
The emperor forgives his sins
I don't know where I went wrong
What went wrong?
Did you know that you speculate about business without authorization?
Violating the taboo in the palace
The concubine meant no offense
It's just a promise made by a noble person
Offering martial arts is guilty
If the noble person is guilty of the same crime
I want you to be envious.
But I didn't let you wear this dress
Clothes, are you waiting here?
The emperor is innocent
Sister Yuan Ping also wants to get your favor.
So I tried my best
I don't know where I got this dress specially
Yes, this dress is intentional at first glance
The concubine is not bold
Yuan Ping, don't argue anymore
You have done such a rebellious thing
The emperor put you in the cold palace, which is a light punishment
If you argue again
But to the nine clans
Emperor, please let your concubine be the master
After all, Yuan Ping committed a public crime
Unrepentant
I still want to frame the concubine
Poor concubine sister poor noble
Has been executed for the rules
Ask the emperor for fairness
If Yuan Ping is enough, Yuan Ping
You are guilty of the emperor
The concubine was not fortunate enough to violate the rules
I don't know why I violated the disaster in the palace
Please also ask the emperor to learn from it
Good since you don't repent
Believe it or not, I will let you Zhuji of the nine clans now